it's a good thing I didn't try to walk
through that door before it lifted no
yeah you should never walk through a
door before it is open it's one of the
cardinal rules of physical I've tried to
walk through doors most of my life that
weren't open but a lot of them I got
through well they a better man than I so
you as I mentioned in your introduction
you're one of I don't want to I don't
not many Republicans who is who supports
the impeachment of President Trump I'm
curious as to your thoughts on this
because I want I think about this a lot
why do you think that so many
Republicans have gone all-in with this
terrible dishonest man well the the
thing that's bizarre to me is okay so
maybe you don't support impeachment
maybe you don't even support censure but
you can't look the other way and said
say the president didn't do anything
wrong I mean that's just completely
crazy because look my concern is I I
came out for this because I believe the
president said to the leader of Ukraine
with Russian troops inside of Ukraine I
will help you with military aid if you
investigate my political opponent that's
too much for me I I knew Ronald Reagan I
mean I was young congressman when he was
president he never would have done it
wouldn't have done it and I believe it's
a it's an offense that raises to the
level of impeachment but even if you
don't agree with that and that's okay
you got to respect people that don't
agree with you but to say nothing went
wrong or to say this was so unfair that
he got worse treatment than Jesus did
before Pontius Pilate when I saw that I
was like who comes up with that I mean
hear me it seems to be a group of mostly
men with whom I bet you thought you were
aligned six years ago you know what I
think is going on is the whole country
is we're divided that's what I get out
of impeachment totally divided nothing
nothing that they don't understand
however we have to get out of our silos
Jimmy we can't just absorb things that
we agree with it's one of the dangers in
our country and if we absorb only that
that agrees with us we know we don't
grow as a person and we have trouble
finding the truth you know Mike one of
my great concerns is the truth is at
risk today because you've got your
things that you believe I believe other
things and we don't even agree on the
basics that's how a country gets in deep
trouble I'm worried about the culture
not just short term but long term so got
to listen to one another respect one
another you know we're all made I happen
to believe we're all made in the image
of the creator and we got a respect one
another and stop being so angry and for
politicians I can explain I go yeah
you've made a DRI did a little art work
it's my own it's my own art work I know
I said well it's a governor so here
here's kind of here's kind of what's
happening right now there's this thing
called gerrymandering they put all the
Democrats in one district all the
Republicans in another okay so when you
get elected party is what kind of put
you there they endorsed you they gave
you support the public if you're in a
district that is completely Republican
in your Republican the public and the
party agree but if you're in a mixed
district where it's not so close in
other words you've got a good number of
Democrats a good number of Republicans
then the public matters more the party
matters less and conscience may actually
figure in so what's happened in America
is party in public are all of the
Republicans same thing with the
Democrats conscience rarely comes into
play yeah and I signed that for you
thank you this original art
[Applause]
I'm gonna put Trump's head right here
and make it a dunce cap okay you book is
about changes that we can make I want to
talk about the biggest change of all
which is climate change and and another
thing that I find hard to understand is
why the Republican party line is that it
we are not causing it and it's nothing
to worry you know it's funny George
Shultz who is a former Secretary of
State the Ronald Reagan I talked to him
about a week ago two weeks ago he said
he and Ronald Reagan believe when the
ozone was being questioned as the
weather is getting smaller we have to do
something George Shultz and Jim Baker
the former secretary of state a chief of
staff to a president came out and said
we need to have an initiative to deal
with this problem look there is no way
we should put our heads in the sand we I
working out with John Kerry with my
great buddy Arnold Schwarzenegger to try
to develop a consensus in this country
that we can't just sit still and one of
my heroes is it we started as a 15 year
old she's now she's much older she's now
16 Greta Greta Thune Berg oh yeah
it was she held up a piece of paper in
front of the Parliament and said save my
planet you owe me that and right now
we're not making great progress but if
we keep at it and keep at it develop
renewables do more research into
batteries we can get to a point support
electric vehicles I Drive a Tesla more
it drives me I can't figure out which
but but that is a critical issue but
what I want to title feel like you're a
Republican at all we all worry about the
politicians uh-huh the politicians don't
make the rules the public demands the
rules and when we think about civil
rights it came from the bottom up it
came from the marches it came from the
protests and that and the politicians
couldn't ignore it and they passed civil
rights laws women's suffrage women out
here you don't think guys ever wanted to
give you power
no you demanded it and finally we got
women's suffrage being buck the
environment the environmental movement
is the same way and I'll give you one
more responsible reasonable gun control
people need to get behind it they need
to show up
but what I'm trying to say is don't feel
powerless feel like you matter that you
were created special that you have a
purpose in life and assert yourself
either part of a movement or with
kindness my little my buddy's not little
my buddy Albert Lexy he's now gone he
dropped out of school in the eighth
grade
he took up shoe-shining he fell in love
with the idea of helping children to a
Children's Hospital telethon he would go
into the hospital two days a week shine
shoes the doctors thought the nurses
would all work with him because when he
showed up he rescued them from the
toughest places they were to a little
peace of mind over the course of his
lifetime he put the to shine money in
one pocket he would put the tip money in
another and over the course of his
lifetime he donated over two hundred
thousand dollars to mothers and fathers
who could not pay their kids bills right
so here's the question here's the
question did albert changed the world
see every single person out here you can
change the world i believe that you were
made special nobody's ever been like you
no one will ever be like you again
it's same with you Jimmy and so the
question is what can you do and I saw
your model why are you laughing at that
I saw I saw your monologue around around
Billy your son Billy right the whole
country got set on fire about what are
we gonna do about children the
Children's Hospital's resources you see
you're changing it this way not this way
but this way and we all have and that's
the antidote to all the chaos and
craziness we see in Washington we're
gonna be fine when people get their
confidence back well I hope you can help
us get the power back
thank you very much governor publication
this is
it's up to us ten little ways
hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back this
holiday season in a fun way by my new
book the serious goose I wrote it and
through it all the money I make goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you